hey guys long time no see I know I
really apologize for lack of videos
basically whenever this glare starts I
always get super busy I have school
obviously and then I have tennis
practice until 5:00 every day and then I
have to eat dinner afterwards so I don't
get home until 7 o'clock every day and
by that time I'm tired I have to do
homework it's dark outside and I can't
make any videos throughout the week
during tennis season so basically all
I'm asking is for you guys to be patient
and if you have complained in the first
place we're just putting this out there
before people were like where is she I
am Alive I just have been super busy and
so basically you can count on having
videos for weekends last weekend so I've
been out of town so that doesn't count
but um the next weekend I will be making
video and then throughout the week just
please be patient with me I would try to
put up videos whenever I can throughout
the week but it's gonna be super hard
during tennis season once the tennis
season ends it'll be will be good to go
I can make videos like at home at 4
o'clock so it's completely fine but
since I do have just as I am in a sport
right now it's really hard for me to
make videos throughout the week so I
will trial it today I didn't have
practice so I got to make a video so
times like that or over the weekend you
can count on a video until tennis season
is over so that's why I have been mi a
super sorry once again and I was try to
give it as many videos as I can for you
guys because of course I still love
doing it I just have to find the time
second thing I don't know if you guys
noticed while I was talking but yes I
got my nose pierced oh right there
so basically for our school the senior
trip is to go to Canada and in Canada
you don't have to be 18 to get piercings
so usually people like go crazy and get
piercings and tattoos so I got a nose
piercing and I really like it it's small
it's not that noticeable which I like
and I just think it's cute Sharda on to
so we match even more like twins
even though we aren't twins she got in
DC though she wasn't with me but it
hurts so bad oh my god if you've ever
got him nose piercing you know like this
pain was like close to unbearable and I
was just like please please I close my
eyes it was just Oh takes like ten
seconds so I mean once it's over it's
over and it's fine but during it I'm not
gonna lie it hurt like a bitch I'm I
also
the picture on Instagram the day I got
it so if you're not following me on
Instagram and you showed it I'll link it
down below watch they can't link it I'll
put my Instagram down below so that you
guys can follow me and see those kinds
of picture third thing is that yes I got
partner because we've been asking and
saw my banner on my page I'm so excited
I could not have done this without you
guys obviously with all you guys are
having serial subscribers and that would
get me nowhere so yes I am partnered now
with Exhibit TV I wasn't done below
there a new channel and they're starting
out and partnering people and it's
really exciting and when they contacted
me I was just like if I check my email
during school and I was like oh my god
it was so it was so exciting so yes I
made my banner and put it up and I can
do custom thumbnails now and it's just
so excited like this was my goal and I
didn't expect to have until at least
5,000 subscribers but I got it way
earlier than I thought and I'm just so
excited now I have to think of a new
goal for YouTube really really really
exciting and I thank you guys so much
because I couldn't have done it without
you obviously another thing is that Shar
is coming home this weekend just for the
weekend because she has an orthodontist
appointment but yes they make her come
back dad one orthodontist equipment so
we plan on doing the sister tag when she
gets here and we're really excited for
that so look out for that because it
should be really funny and this is like
my first time seeing her like a month so
I'm really really excited I'm sure you
guys will enjoy that and enjoy seeing
her face again last thing I mentioned
this in my last video the Hollister
video but I want to start broadening my
channel and talking about other things
other than fashion and beauty and makeup
so I'm going to be talking about those
things but I also want to talk and give
advice and have you guys give me topics
to talk about and address because I just
I love doing that so if you guys could
do me a huge favor and write down below
what topics you want me to talk about or
anything you want advice on this please
comment down below and I want to start
making those videos as well just to kind
of broaden my channel and make it more
appealing to other people as well I'll
probably pick a day like a certain day
of the week to do those kinds of videos
so anyways um other than that that's all
I have for right now look forward to
more videos so sorry about the lack of
them but I am really really trying and I
have been thinking about it like all
week it's just been really bothering me
that I have to go my page and watch
fake video over and over so that's all I
got for right now and hope you guys
enjoy seeing me for a little bit okay so
comment down below with any video
requests that you have for this weekend
because I'll be making videos for
probably Saturday and Sunday and any
topics that you want me to talk about
she just let me know please I'd really
appreciate it and thank you guys so much
for helping me get a partner like that
is super amazing so thank you for
everything and for being patient with me
and you know I was just like me best
ever I'll see you guys in my next video
bye